We slept together. - He drugged you?
Why else would he swap the glasses?
Are you so sure about this?
- You know what you did!
Your post. It keeps getting shared.
- She said you raped her.
It's about Laura Nielson.
She's done this before.
I love you, Katy.
- Stop it!
I broke into Andrew's house. Under his bed
I found a clear liquid. Please help me.
I need a favour. - We have a warrant
to search your house.
Andrew Earlham is dangerous. - Laura,
please, for your own sake, stop.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You should've
kept your mouth shut, bitch!
Morning.
- Morning.
Look, er, Katy, I... really appreciate
you letting me stay with you,
but I think it's time
that I went home. Oh, Laura.
I've gotta go there this morning.
All my stuff's there.
So I'll bring
some more clothes over.
No, honestly. I just...
I thought I'd feel better here,
but it...
it just follows you around, so...
I just need to get on with my life.
That's all I can do.
Thank you for everything.
Call me any time, night or day.
You hear?
Call me. Yeah.
Promise? I will.
And I'll pop in to see you
after work tomorrow. OK, great.
Right.
Oh, erm, have you seen my earring?
You know, the long, silver ones?
Er... no, I don't think so.
Where did you leave them?
Don't worry. It doesn't matter.
Oh, my God!
Ohh. Hey, so, listen, I've gotta ask, it's been
bugging me all night, what on earth is that?
Oh, that's Monty!
- What?
Monty.
- Really? - Yeah!
Tom and I went to a fair last year
and, erm, he went on one of those basketball
stands, you know, where you win a prize,
and he tried and tried
and couldn't get him.
But my first go, I won Monty.
- Naturally.
So after that, I kept him in here,
mainly just to piss Tom off.
I should really get rid of him.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
What self-respecting woman in her 30s doesn't
have a stuffed rabbit in her living room?
Oh, shit.
Mr Earlham?
- Mr Walters.
It was white with one sugar
you said, wasn't it? Yeah.
I like your house.
Thanks.
You should see my place.
Bloody cesspit.
So, Mr Walters...
- Dennis. Dennis is fine.
So, Dennis...
- Ooh, that's good!
I should get one of those machines.
Makes a difference.
Better than instant, they say, don't they?
Even though it seems pretty instant to me.
Dennis...
I don't wanna rush you
and I don't wanna seem rude, but...
what exactly did you mean when you
said Laura had done this before? Sorry.
So, I was headmaster
at St Caspar's in Bristol.
15 years I was headmaster.
Let me tell you, before me,
they were at sea, at bloody sea.
I stepped up
when no-one else wanted to.
I turned that place around.
And, er, what happened?
So, Laura Nielson
was one of my teachers.
One of my best. I'd never
had any problems with her.
Until the day she accused me
of sexual harassment, that is.
You're kidding.
No.
Next thing I know,
I'm standing in front of the board.
15 years I gave my life to that place
and I'm standing there
having to explain myself.
All she has to do is to say this crap
and I'm the one
who has to prove otherwise.
But I did.
I'm the one who stayed.
She's the one who had to leave.
They cleared you? After the damage
was done, yeah, they cleared me.
And after I have a chat with the police,
let them know exactly what happened,
they'll clear you, too.
Makeda.
Makeda! You're going to be late!
Just the revolve, really.
I need to order a part.
I'll do my best, but... Just let me
know how long it will take.
I can't afford to have it
lying idle. This is an old model.
Can you give me a rough idea?
I'll do my best, but... Makeda.
What are you still doing here? It's
8.30. I know. I know, I'm going.
Hey!
What the hell is going on in here?
I'll be speaking to the head
about all of you!
Luke, are you all right? What
the hell was that about? Get out.
Hey, I'm trying to help you.
Help me?
This is because of you!
It's your fault!
What do you mean? This is what happens
when everyone thinks your dad's a rapist.
That isn't the issue here, Luke.
I'm trying to help you.
Well, don't. Haven't you
ruined my life enough already?
It got ugly around the school,
you know.
PTA meetings,
people asking for me to resign.
Before I'd even have a fair hearing.
And then...
she withdrew the complaint.
Laura Nielson withdrew the sexual
harassment complaint? Yeah.
She said all the stress was too much.
She was on, erm... anti-depressants
at the time, she said.
She just couldn't cope with
all the attention.
It still ruined me, though.
Because people don't forget, do they?
Not the mums at the school gates,
anyway.
They don't forget a thing.
And the mouths they've got on them. OK, well, we've
got your statement now. Thanks for coming in.
Of course, yes. Just doing my duty.
Terminating interview at 10.42.
The truth... it needs to come out,
doesn't it? It's important.
I can't have her do this to another
man that's done nothing wrong.
If you could follow me, sir, I'll
take you through to the front desk.
Mr Earlham.
Well, this changes everything,
doesn't it? We'll be in touch.
The woman isn't mentally stable.
Her whole case, like his,
is just her word, her claim that I made
her do something against her will.
I'm telling you categorically,
I know that's not true.
The investigation is ongoing.
That's all we can say at this point.
Have you ever read Nietzsche? There's
a quote from one of his essays.
"I'm not upset that you lied to me,
I'm upset that from now on
I can't believe you."
Seems apt. It's the boy
who cried wolf, isn't it?
You know, I feel sorry for her,
actually.
Despite everything.
I mean, it hasn't been easy.
But maybe she needs
to see someone, huh?
Maybe she needs help.
Doesn't matter, something that happened
in the past, no relevance to the case.
Not right here, right now. We both know
the CPS will look at it differently.
"Hiya." - Hey.
- "You all right?"
Not really. I, erm...
One of my earrings is missing.
I noticed it the other night.
And, erm,
I've looked everywhere for it. I...
I've been thinking that maybe, erm...
What if it came off in Andrew's house?
You can't be sure that's where you left it.
I've looked everywhere else.
If he finds it, he's gonna know I've been
in there. "You're worried about nothing."
You can't let him get in your head like this.
Let the police do their job. Erm...
Dennis has been texting me.
- Dennis Walters? - Yeah.
He's enjoying it, winding me up.
This has nothing to do with what Andrew did to
you, OK? Ignore him. The guy's a waste of air.
I dropped the accusation, Tom.
All the stress,
everything that happened with Mum and
every day at school, I was on edge,
so I let it go, and...
Do you really think
they're gonna believe me now?
Hiya, mate. Can I get a cappuccino,
please? Just one shot.
Go on. Go on, look,
there's a seat over there.
No, you're not supposed to touch
that! - Sorry. - Find a seat, quickly.
Up there, this one. Have you asked
him? What, if he's cheating?
Sit down nicely.
No. I'm not even sure I wanna know.
So maybe you're wrong.
There's nothing I can actually put my
finger on, it's just... You wanna colour?
It's just the little things.
A lot of late nights.
Then again, he always did work hard.
He used to invite me to the work
parties, now he doesn't.
The worst thing, I know this is gonna
sound stupid, he used to complain.
Like, he used to come home from work
and he would just vent
about some pointless meeting
he'd had
or some ridiculous email his boss
had sent him, stupid things.
But instead, he buys me presents.
Every few weeks, some thoughtful
gesture out of the blue.
He has never done that before.
I mean, I wish Mark
would do that for me.
Look, I hear what you say,
but it could be nothing.
Maybe you should just talk to him
and ask him outright.
You've spoken to the police?
I have. We had a good chat.
Filled them in on our history,
our misunderstanding.
Why? This has got
nothing to do with you.
He's just like me. Some bloke goes to
work, tries to get through the day,
tries to be decent,
and turns into another victim.
Why are you doing this?
I dropped the accusation. Everyone
told me a shouldn't, but I did.
That's not how it works, is it? You
can't scream fire in a crowded building
then shrug your shoulders and pretend
you didn't create bloody havoc.
All a woman's gotta do these days is to say some
guy touched her and if you don't believe her
you're an animal for even thinking so, you're
abusing their rights, you're a misogynist.
"How is that fair? We're equal, aren't we?
Isn't that how it's supposed to work?"
This was a mistake.
Makeda? Are you all right?
I'm fine. It's nothing.
You don't look fine.
Let me take you to the school nurse.
I'm fine!
Miss, honest.
Erm, just leave me alone, yeah?
Makeda, hey, hey, stop.
Er... you're bleeding.
Erm, yeah, I know, miss.
You're pregnant.
I did the test a week ago.
Why don't you let me take you home?
No. No, no, no, miss, erm, er,
I went online, I took some pills
to make the baby go away.
The packet said there might be some bleeding
but it's fine. It's normal. OK, OK, shh.
Are you in pain? Don't lie to me.
Yes! Yes.
Yes! - OK.
I'm gonna drive you to A&E, OK?
Come on.
Oh, my dad, my dad,
he can't find out about any of this.
Let's take this one step at a time. First we need to
get you checked, then we'll worry about your dad.
Hey, Birav.
Are you free to take my year seven
reading group this afternoon?
OK, amazing. Yeah, I just, erm,
I need to take Makeda Kidane to A&E.
No, she's fine,
she just needs someone with her.
It's not over, you know?
Just like it wasn't over for me.
Well, at least the police
know everything now.
I really appreciate it.
Listen, most time, it's not the fire
that kills people.
It's the smoke that gets in
their lungs and chokes them.
You wanna kill something,
kill it dead.
I can go to the press if you like,
let them know what happened.
I just want this thing done,
you know?
It's weird.
Seeing her face after all these
years. Brings it all back, you know?
That bitch put me through so much.
Then she changes her mind,
says, "Oh, sorry, I take it back."
Like it's all over after that.
Like we all get to walk away.
The day it happened, I still
remember it clear as anything.
She came into my office
crying about her mum.
So I did what any decent person
would. I gave her a hug.
And she squeezed me and... The kind
of squeeze that says something.
The kind of squeeze you don't give
to someone who's just a friend.
So you felt her up?
Well, not... You told me
that she made the whole thing up.
Well, she may as well have. It wasn't
like I was the one... Sorry.
I shouldn't be here.
I've gotta get going.
Hey, hold up. What's wrong?
I didn't ask for this.
Not you.
Not her. I... I just...
I saved your arse. You should be
thanking me! Have a nice trip.
I am gonna have to call
one of your parents. No.
Miss, no.
I'm sure your dad will understand.
He'll want to know
if you're all right.
Just call Luke.
Luke? Luke Earlham.
He's the father?
Yes, miss. Please, just call him.
Please.
All right, erm...
Let's just get you seen to, OK?
And, erm... And then I'll, er,
I'll... call Luke.
Thank you.
"Hi, this is Luke. Please leave a
message after the tone. Thanks. Bye."
Makeda Kidane?
- Yes. Yep. - Follow me.
Come on through here.
How many pills did you take? - There were
five in the pack and I took all of them.
All right,
I'm gonna roll your sleeves up.
Please, please get Luke.
I've tried, Makeda.
He's just not picking up. He told me he was going
home. If you go to his house, he'll be there.
Why don't you let me call your mum? No,
miss, please! I just really want Luke here.
I don't know what I'm doing here
without him! Calm down. All right.
All right, I'll... Please. I just really want
him here. I'll see if I can find him, OK?
OK, you're doing very well. Can you
show me where the pain is? Here. OK.
No, no, no, I understand the
concerns, but this is a solid case.
How are we ever gonna get anybody to
come forward if this is what we do?
If every time some arsehole
comes out of the woodwork...
Yeah, sorry. No.
I understand, Sam. Yeah.
OK. Thank you. Cheers. Bye.
Bollocks.
DS Rory Maxwell. Sorry.
Yes, erm...
Hello?
Hi, Miss Nielson,
it's DI Harman here.
"What? What is it?"
Erm... Listen, I'm really sorry,
I've just heard.
"The CPS are declining
to prosecute the case."
Right.
Is this because of
what Dennis Walters said?
I think the truth of the matter is they have
to take the cases they think they can win.
I knew this would happen when that piece
of shit reared his ugly head again.
"I'm really sorry. If I'd had
any say... I mean, I pushed..."
Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
"OK."
Hi, Luke.
What do you want? Dad's not in.
I'm here about Makeda Kidane.
She's in hospital
and she's been asking for you.
Oh, God. Is she all right?
She was in pain at school but she's in the
best place she can be right now. And the baby?
I'm sorry, she took some pills
that caused an abortion.
Come on, I can... I can drive you.
Look, I know what you think of me, but right
now Makeda needs you, so... let's go.
OK, yeah. Let me grab a coat.
Actually,
can I use your bathroom quickly?
Yeah, it's just up on the left.
- Thanks.
Right, let's go.
DI Harman. - Yeah? - Did you look any
further into what I told you about?
About Andrew Earlham?
- Yeah. Not much there to learn.
The cop who looked into the case in
Edinburgh, he thought something was off.
And I spoke to him, but there was no evidence it
was anything other than suicide. It's a dead end.
But it makes a difference, surely.
- No, constable, it doesn't.
Anyway, it's too late.
The CPS won't prosecute the case.
So the prick's just gonna get away with it?
- Unless any new evidence turns up, yeah.
I'm sorry, really.
That's mine.
- No!
That's mine, Ollie!
No, it's mine!
It's mine, Ollie! It's mine!
- No! Dad!
It's mine, Ollie!
Stop. Stop.
Wait here.
- What you doing? What you doing, Tom?
Hey. Excuse me.
Andrew Earlham, right?
Yes, that's right.
Is there a problem?
Yeah. Yeah, there is. So shut your mouth and
listen to me carefully. Can you do that?
Excuse me? I beg your pardon?
You can't talk to me...
I know Laura Nielson.
And I know when she says you
raped her, she's telling the truth.
Look, I... So here's something you need to understand,
you sick bastard. I'm gonna be watching you.
You're not getting away with this. You
might think you have, but you haven't.
Do you hear me?
Have a nice day, sir.
I'd be careful what you say, Tom.
You what?
You think you're some angel
on her shoulder, do you?
Same angel that's been screwing
her sister behind her back?
What are you talking about? You might
wanna have your clandestine meetings
somewhere a little bit more... I don't
know, clandestine... next time.
Instead of right outside
the hospital where we both work.
It's over.
That's what I'm hoping for, Tom.
That it's over.
You have a pleasant day.
Hey.
Hey. I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
It's gonna be OK.
No, it's not. It's all messed up.
I got a call from my dad.
He said he's coming here.
He rang the school when I didn't get
home and they told him I was here.
He's on his way.
He's gonna be so angry.
I'm sure your dad will understand,
Makeda, if you explain.
He'll just be pleased that you're OK.
No, he won't.
He sent my sister back home, back
to Ethiopia, for dating someone.
She told me that they hit her.
Jesus.
Does your dad know? She's told him.
He doesn't believe her.
You can't let that happen to me,
miss. Please.
You're over 16, Makeda. The doctors won't tell
your father anything without your permission.
What is he gonna think then?
He's gonna keep asking questions.
If you talk to him, if you tell him that
I fainted from dehydration or something.
You want me to lie to your dad?
He'll believe you.
And then he'll leave me be and all
of this will be fine. Miss, please!
Even if I was prepared to lie to
your father, he's won't listen to me.
By the sounds of it,
he'll want to speak to a doctor.
Luke, your dad.
You need to leave me alone.
- Andrew knows.
What? - I saw him and he told me. He's
seen us together somehow. He knows.
You spoke to him?
Why would you do that?
I dunno, I... I just wanted to
look him in the eye. Jesus Christ!
I was angry. It got my blood going. You'd have made
detective years ago had you learned to keep your temper!
Just be careful what you say to him.
Or what?
Or he'll...
Or he'll tell Laura about us.
He said he wanted to be left alone.
I suggest that's what we do.
I have to go.
Does anyone actually listen
to these things any more?
When was the last time
you heard a car alarm and thought,
"Someone's breaking in,
I better call the police"?
Laura?
Laura.
Oh. I thought maybe
you'd just decided to fall asleep.
Sorry. I'm still looking
for the bloody phone charger.
I found face wipes. Fabulous.
But I can't find the charger.
Oh, don't worry. I'm sure the cab
will show up some point this year.
Er, I give up. Sorry.
You'll have to go another few minutes
without checking your email
or the football score. Very funny.
Ha-ha. What do you say we have
another drink while we wait?
Yeah, sure.
Where is he?
I sent him home.
What? Makeda didn't want her dad
to see him.
If he finds out what's happened...
he'll send her back to Ethiopia
and she can't get sent back there.
Oh, for Christ sake!
How do you even know Makeda's telling the truth?
That girl needs your help.
Talk to her father, tell him it's nothing
to worry about. He'll listen to a doctor.
You want me to lie to her father? Pretend
she didn't give herself an abortion
and almost bleed to death? That's not just
unethical, it's bloody irresponsible!
Telling her father the truth,
what does that accomplish?
She's scared to death of what
will happen if he finds out.
Why do it? What possible reason is there?
Because we feel like we should?
Cos then it's no longer our problem?
Don't you dare!
Both of them got themselves into this.
You owe her! I don't know why...
I think you'll listen, if you have
any kind of conscience to appeal to.
But if you won't do it for Makeda, do it for Luke.
If you care about him, you'll want to protect her.
You see the irony here, right?
After all the lies you've told about
me, you now want... You don't fool me.
Underneath the charm
and the expensive clothes
and the "I'm just a single dad" act,
you're just a predator.
But I'm asking you,
if you have any humanity
in you somewhere,
then do the right thing,
for your son's sake.
I'm not the man
you think I am, Laura.
Really, I'm not
How was bedtime?
Yeah, they're fine.
Sorry I'm late.
Hey. What's going on?
Look, I didn't want this to happen.
What's the matter, Liam?
I don't wanna be the jealous husband
checking through your bloody emails.
Well, why are you checking my emails?
It's just sometimes, you know, when
I'm... when I'm stuck here all day,
and you're at work,
doing something with your life...
coming home late
for the fourth night in a row,
it gets to me.
Why is that?
Liam, I... Look, I didn't read
your emails. I couldn't.
So... I'm just gonna ask you.
And I'm gonna believe what you say.
Are you seeing someone else?
No.
No, I'm not!
Why would you think that? Cos you've
been different, Katy. You have.
I know. You know you have.
I know, I know.
And it's all my fault.
It's just been work and...
and... and I'm stressed
and it's been difficult
and late and...
I just wanna be with you.
That's all.
OK?
You do believe me?
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
Good.
Makeda. What happened? Are you OK?
Mr Kidane... What's wrong?
There's nothing to worry about.
She's gonna be just fine.
What do you mean?
Mr Kidane.
Andrew Earlham.
I work here at the hospital.
Makeda here took a bit of a turn
at school and she passed out.
Syncope we call it. But a little blood
test revealed what the culprit was.
Not drinking enough water.
She's gonna be fine.
Lucky Miss Nielson here
was so observant.
Thank you. Thank you, doctor.
Is she all right? Nothing that
a day off school won't fix.
Right, we should get you home,
Makeda. Yes, miss.
Makeda, you have rest. We'll get you
home, you will rest, you will drink.
Mr Earlham.
Detective.
You've probably heard, the CPS
won't be prosecuting your case.
What?
No.
No, I didn't. No-one...
What, that's it? It's over?
Sorry for any inconvenience.
Here.
The meaning of consent?
What is this, some sort of a joke?
I don't want you to be
in a similar situation again, sir.
Well, it's done now, isn't it?
It's finally over. Good night.
Hey, you don't want to...
No.
- What?
You don't wanna come in for a drink,
do you?
Excuse me?
Well, it's been a long day. There's a
place round the corner... I'm on duty.
Well, when are you off?
In about an hour.
How about then?
Well, if I was off duty,
unofficially...
I would tell you I don't drink
with men who rape women.
All right, then.
Good night, detective.
Hello?
- "Oh, hi. It's DI Harman.
Erm, I'm just wondering
if I can have a word.
I'm here at the school."
Right now? - "Yeah, if you can.
I'm at reception."
Er... right, OK.
I'll, erm... I'll come and get you.
Thank you for meeting with me.
It's always a bit weird being back at school.
Feel like I'm about to get told off.
Has there been a change to my case?
No.
Then, sorry, but why are you here?
Because I hate what's happened.
It makes my skin crawl.
And because I wanted to warn you.
What do you mean?
Take a seat.
You know Andrew Earlham's wife
committed suicide?
I'd heard, yeah. Tom told me.
It seems the Edinburgh police
think there was more to it.
Now, I'm only telling you this
because if,
and it is a very big if,
Andrew Earlham had anything
to do with his wife's death,
that makes him a very dangerous man.
And no matter what happens with this case, I strongly
suggest you get a million miles away from him.
I'm guessing you shouldn't be
telling me this. No.
Definitely not.
If there is anything, you call me.
Any time, OK?
OK.
I'm sorry we let you down.
Hey.
Do you want me to make you
something to eat? Oh, no, thanks.
They're dropping the charges,
you know?
That's great.
What? What is it?
It's over.
Is it?
It's just...
It's frustrating.
What she wrote online,
it's out there forever.
It's gonna be hard to shake that off, you know?
And you don't deserve that.
It'll all work out.
Now, come on, get better.
Well, what do you think?
I think you should do what the detective told you.
Keep away from him.
But there's more to it. Just because they
don't have the balls to try this case,
doesn't mean I have to back down.
There must be something I can do.
What if I... speak to someone
at the hospital... Stop! Just stop.
You have to look out for yourself
before he takes any more of you.
I saw him, you know?
What?
When?
What did he say?
He said he wasn't the man
I thought he was.
And it scared me, Katy,
because he believes it.
He honestly, truly believes
that he did nothing wrong.
I kissed him. But that was it.
Just...
I know it isn't easy,
maybe... impossible,
but you just have to try, you...
you have to try to let it go.
Yeah.
How did he leave it?
Did he... say anything else?
No, not really.
It's not that I want to be here.
Never thought I would.
It's usually me on the receiving end
of these things.
Some grieving relative
who thought I could've done more
or thought I couldn't hold a scalpel
straight cos the World Cup was on.
The things people do to each other,
honestly.
The bricks we throw.
Sometimes that's all we've got,
isn't it? Bricks.
This is taking far too long.
It's unacceptable.
I couldn't find the glasses!
And so is this music.
I absolutely hate this song.
I'll go and find something decent
to put on.
Thanks.
Cheers.
Lawsuits for defamation of character
can be a lengthy process.
Oh, I know.
Building my life to what it is today was a lengthy
process. But she took a wrecking ball to that.
And she owes me for that.
She owes me.
Subtitles by Deluxe
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org